hello everyone we're facing a bit of a
conundrum here at Daily wire I have a
couple of interviews the one I'm talking
about right now is with Helen Joyce
that we believe will be taken down by
YouTube and so we don't know exactly
what to do about that and so what we've
decided to do is to edit
the portions We Believe would be
objectionable to whoever is acting
behind the scenes at YouTube and to make
those available in their extended and
unedited versions on Twitter and on The
Daily wire plus platform and Spotify and
we don't know if this is the right
solution
um you know there's part of me that
wants to just say to hell with it and
post it anyways on YouTube and there's
another part that makes me not want to
post it on YouTube at all but this is
our solution and so I hope that you feel
that that's acceptable if you want to
watch the video as usual on YouTube
please
feel inclined to do so feel welcome to
do so knowing what I just told you
otherwise head over to these other sites
Spotify daily wire plus Apple
Etc to watch and listen there
I don't think women's desire to keep men
out of private spaces has anything in
common with white people's desire under
Jim Crow to keep black people out
safety it's privacy it's dignity but I
mean they will make these arguments
explicitly they will literally compare
you to racists
[Music]
hello everyone watching and listening
today I'm speaking once again to author
journalist and biological women's rights
Advocate Helen Joyce we discuss the much
delayed censorship of our last interview
on this channel are joint efforts at
resisting the ideology that motivates
such silencing
the genuine UK tradition of natural
rights
and the harsh reality of what women and
men both stand to lose on the Tyranny
and falsehood front today and we do more
than touch on the Great Adventure of the
truth
well it's good to see you again and
um it's interesting that we get to talk
here once again for whatever the hell
good that's going to do just after
YouTube pulled our last discussion which
was actually quite shocking to me eh
because YouTube has left me alone until
now
but they've taken down three of my
podcasts in the last month Matt Walsh on
the transfront because I talked to him
about what is a woman uh Robert F
Kennedy which actually shocked the hell
out of me because he's running an active
presidential campaign and then they took
down my conversation with you and you
know you're a completely reprehensible
you know you were just an economist
journalist for years and that is hardly
anything respectable about that and so
if if this is the situation we're in
it's a pretty bloody sorry State of
Affairs that's for sure so what under
what circumstances do you think that
same-sex Gatherings let's say
should be permitted or required because
this is actually a very tricky issue
right because my wife and I have talked
about this a lot and she's actually a
little harsher on this front than me and
she thinks that women invaded men's
spaces so badly that this is part of the
backlash and but underneath that there's
a real complexity right because I might
say well is it okay for uh rich men in
London to have a men's only private club
because that's a good that's a good
question right that's that's a border
issue here and and and it begs a more
sophisticated question bearing on what
you described which is all right when is
it necessary for the Sexes to have their
own spaces and and what are your
thoughts about that like where where
should we draw the line because part of
this argument culture war is about where
we draw the Eternal line bathrooms seem
at least until recently as uh what what
an unquestionable Bastion of same-sex
privacy but we've obviously blown way
past that and made it almost mandatory
for that to disappear change rooms as
well yeah so where do we draw the line
as far as you're concerned I mean when
when should the Sexes have their own
space
so freedom of Association is an
important right and if people want
Single Sex faces like if somebody wants
to set up a man only book group or a
woman-only book group I don't think they
should have to explain themselves
I can see the issue with you know dining
clubs and so on where a lot of politics
happens and where a lot of power play
happens and so on if you keep women out
of those spaces or you were to keep
black people out of those faces you
would be hoarding power
and I genuinely think that's a difficult
question in law because it's hard to say
of one space you know that's where the
back room brokering happens and of
another space well you know that's
harmless that's just people who have
interests in common and then when it
comes to spaces like uh toilets I mean
it's amazing how fast people forget
things but when women started to do
factory work during the Industrial
Revolution there were no single sex
toilets so women had to use the same
facilities that men did which were not
exactly sanitary or nice or private and
those became spaces for women
experienced a lot of violence a lot of
sexual violence so women Factory girls
would go to the toilet in groups and
protect each other and watch each other
or indeed go out on the street and just
rely on the fact that they had big
skirts so that's why women go to the
toilet in groups of course that's why
because why because it's in indecent
ones but indecent uh separate toy let's
know you just go to gossip but yeah
women would not drink water during the
day so they didn't have to go to the
toilet
um so so there was actually a
decades-long fight to get women's
toilets and women's facilities and in
most countries labor laws will still say
that you must have women's toilets in
workplaces where there are women
and then in sport it's obvious why you
why you separate the Sexes but actually
you can separate the Sexes a little bit
differently in sports you can do it as
female only and open
because if a woman is you know
unusually large or strong or something
and she can compete maybe at the lower
ranks of the men's divisions why
shouldn't she it's not a problem for
anyone so you just you close you protect
one category it's the same as you know
it's a problem for men I remember when I
was a kid so there was this girl who who
fell in to fell into the category that
you just described
you know she was uh she was a pretty
husky tough farm girl and she was
genuinely tough like there there were
definitely boys that were afraid of her
and I would say that was all boys and
there was a reason for that the first
was well she was actually pretty tough
and so if you were playing shiny hockey
on the street and she gave you a check
you you pretty much noticed and but it
was but there was an additional
complication which was if she took you
out well then you were pretty damn
pathetic because you'd been flattened by
a girl but if you fought back you were
even more pathetic because then you
fought back with a girl and so you know
you might promote the open category but
that puts men in a terrible conundrum
because there's a real rule for Good Men
there's a real Rule and the real rule is
do not pick on women like that's number
one rule of Good Men right and under any
circumstances whatsoever at the cost of
your reputation
and so in anything in anything that's
got physical violence involved in it of
any sort and that would I'd include
rugby say or American football and that
you count of the Sexes compete because
it's not just about strength it's about
things like the way the neck is made uh
the thickness of the skull you know when
women are really not evolved to protect
themselves against punches the same way
that men are but in sport more generally
so I actually come from a very sporty
family I I have a bunch of very good
cricketers as brothers and sisters and
my sisters would play on the boys team
when they were little because they
weren't girls teams so the girls had to
jump from 11 to 15 and there was no
under 13s and I mean when they were 11
they were teeny tiny they couldn't be
playing with the 15 year olds so they
went on to the boys under 13s and the
thing is the boys then did complain this
is a good long time ago they complained
because my sisters were so good
and indeed the girls were taken off but
I mean this is Cricket there's no
genuine complaint there it's just not
wanting to lose
so I think you know you can
conceptualize it in like 90 something
percent of the cases that the female
category is like the under 18 category a
17 year old is allowed to compete as an
adult a 19 year old is not allowed to
compete right right yeah well it seems
like a tentative solution at least on
the freedom of Association front so what
if I said something you know rather
radical like well let the bigoted half
wits hang out with whoever the hell they
want and so if people want to set up a
man's only Corporation for example well
have at her I mean you've just cut
yourself off from 50 percent of the
talent pool which probably isn't the
wisest move in the world and maybe even
if you want to do that with prejudice
um in mind on the on the racial front
you should be allowed to do that too in
the hopes that such Behavior would be
immediately revealed as self-defeating
and eradicate itself from the public
comments because the alternative that's
the free of freedom of Association
argument in some sense right you get to
hang around with whoever you want and
the ultimate expression of that by the
way is sexual Congress right because the
most discriminating form of behavior
that any of us ever indulge in is on the
sexual front where we discriminate madly
on every grounds you can possibly
imagine
constantly and in principle to our own
Advantage with no care whatsoever for
the disadvantaged and oppressed right
and we regard that as a cardinal right I
don't have to sleep with anyone I don't
want to or don't want to it isn't even
need you know when huxley's Brave New
World that went by the wayside and it
was a sign of uh immorality to say no to
anyone who asked you who offered a
sexual invitation oh well we're heading
that direction I mean there's even a
book called the right to sex I mean
there are arguments now about how say an
ugly or a fat or a disabled or an
elderly or a poor man you know he's not
going to get anyone to sleep with
without paying so we have to have
prostitutes for those men and well what
if he's poor well then the state has to
pay for them I mean these arguments are
seriously being made in some corners of
Academia and it's easy to brush them off
because it's corners of Academia but we
have seen what happens when you take
casually I think that we're crazy women
should just be required to make
themselves available at a moment notice
to everyone who who
is the least bit of Interest yeah it's
the end I think the partial answer to
what you're asking might be to think
along the lines of Adam Smith who uh had
saw two different spheres and in um in
The Wealth of Nations he talked about
um the Invisible Hand which governs the
market but then he also talked about
theory of moral sentiments which was the
the Realms where the market didn't go
and at the time that was larger than now
because it included the formation of
families and now with dating apps you
can apply economic arguments to how
people make decisions on dating apps
like it's a lot more marketized than it
was but there is a realm where the where
the market does not go and traditionally
we have thought that everything that
happens behind your front door is that
right
yeah but but also with care like the
reason that a child cares for their
aging parents isn't because the parents
cared for them when they were small it's
not a market exchange
but of course the market is coming in
there it's coming into child care it's
coming into Elderly Care
um it's and as soon as you do that the
government has opinions about how it's
done like if the government is providing
any of the Care while the taxpayer has
opinions on whether you're a good enough
carer or not so I think we're in a state
of flux where we're marketizing a bunch
of things that used to live in the
theory of moral sentiments Realm
and and that is part of what we are
seeing happening and I think it's part
of the answer to your question you know
if something is freedom of Association
it's in a non-marketized part
but if what you're talking about is uh
say how an entirely government-funded
operation like the BBC hires
I think that's in the public domain and
that might be somewhere that you would
have rules that say this isn't about
freedom of Association this is about
transparency that you were you know
doing things in a fair and open way
you're advertising all your jobs you
know that sort of thing but inside your
house and certainly inside the bedroom
and when it comes to care those aren't
the rules that we play yeah well the
market exchange the market it's direct
market exchange
arguments an interesting ones so if
there's if there's direct exchange of
money for service let's say or Goods
then yeah then uh then there's the
standard non prejudicial rules should
apply and otherwise it's in the private
domain and you can go to hell in a
handbasket and whatever you manner you
choose but the example that you give of
you know rich men you know having a club
that's only for rich men when we all
know who that is where the next
candidates are going to be chosen for
election and it is where uh you know
quiet words will be had about schools to
be the next governor general of the BBC
or whatever like that's the genuinely
difficulty The Edge case is that is that
theory of moral sentiments or is that
Wealth of Nations and I don't have a a
strong I don't I don't have a guiding
principle to say where exactly that
borderline is just to say that those are
difficult questions but the question of
whether you want to undress in front of
somebody
is not difficult in the same way like
women do not have single sex changing
rooms in order that we stitch up the
world inside that changing room behind
that closed door that is not why we have
it we have it because nearly all I know
you're inspiring away behind those doors
they talk about it as privilege like
I've seen white women described as the
equivalent of the white women who would
have kept black women out when these
white women are saying I'm just keeping
men out
like that's what America that's the
standard argument in America that women
are arguing for single sex toilets and
uh changing rooms are like the bigoted
women during Jim Crow who would have
kept black women out
whereas you know I don't think women's
desire to keep men out of private spaces
has anything in common with white
people's desire under Jim Crow to keep
black people out
it's safety it's privacy it's dignity
but I mean they will make these
arguments explicitly they will literally
compare you to racists
so I think I mean the obvious ones for
women are privacy safety dignity
um consent like we used to think that
consent was a thing I thought we thought
that until about a half a second ago and
a woman who says you know I only consent
to having say a hysteroscopy which is an
operation that does require you to
undress from the waist down and does
require you know more than one person
sticking things up you and it's you know
pretty undignified and painful a woman
who says I will only undergo this with
other women
is making a statement about her bodily
autonomy and integrity so it's amazing
to me that that man is oh that'll
definitely get us kicked off YouTubes
now you've gone and done it yeah well I
think you're just going to have to put
your videos up somewhere else now aren't
you it's so that other people yeah you
can just don't even go there it's the
same with JK Rowling like you know she's
big enough to defend herself and she has
done brilliantly yeah yeah so no I think
she I think she will really be able to
do it because she has she's like the
Beatles equivalent of bigger than God
you know like she is the the author but
even if we just look at the verbal thing
what they're doing is they're making it
so incredibly painful and difficult for
her and taking up all her time that
anybody who is not of the JK Rowling
level thinks
it's to make everybody else think this
you know just don't go there like I said
I'm always here I always hear people
saying like you're very brave to do what
you do I couldn't do it
and well I can see why
we are just days away from the Durbin
Accords the greatest threat to the US
Dollar's Global dominance in the past 80
years on August 22nd brick stations
Brazil Russia India China and South
Africa are expected to announce the
launch of a new international super
currency fully backed by gold or other
Commodities you can protect your IRA or
401K from The Fallout of this Landmark
Announcement by diversifying with gold
from Birch gold historically gold has
been a safe haven in times of high
uncertainty which is right now when
currencies fail gold is a safe haven how
much more time does the Dollar have
protect your savings with gold Birch
gold has an A plus rating with the
Better Business Bureau and thousands of
happy customers text Jordan to 989898
and get your free info kit on gold again
text Jordan to 98 9898
yeah well okay but let's tell they're
doing the same thing to me in the
Canadian front by the way with regards
to the College of psychologists because
the College of Physicians weighed in on
the side of the College of psychologists
this week trying to insist that they
have the same ability to regulate their
Physicians all of whom are terrified to
open their mouth about anything
contentious now by the way because I've
talked to dozens of them hoping they can
make of me an object lesson which
luckily isn't going to be as easy as
they first hoped it would be they've
been threatening to take me in front of
a disciplinary board for months and
according to their own idiot regulations
we're supposed to do that in 150 days
and so far they've shied away from that
opportunity because they actually make
those public and I'll put that on my
damn YouTube channel in a second so we
can see who's on the wrong side the men
the Joseph mengali side of History let's
say you'd think the bloody Democrats in
the U.S would wake up to that but
they're not known for their
Consciousness so we'll see how that
plays out
yeah so hey so what's it like being
Helen Joyce at the moment you know you
you well there's a couple of things
first of all you know you said you
understand why people remain silent but
you don't
so like you know I'm I'm getting
increasingly tired of being sympathetic
to people who remain silent when they
have something to say like I do
understand it I've met 200 people who've
had their lives flipped upside down by
being canceled it's not pleasant but
inviting the woke mob to dominate the
world that's not all that Pleasant
either so it looks like a choice between
various forms of hell now you you wrote
this book so tell me what's we haven't
talked for like a year and a half
something like that what's it been like
for you to have published that book and
what's what's life like for you in in
the practical sense at the moment so I
mean I'm having a ball
um I think that
the big difference the big question on
this whether people are having are
living a nightmare or actually enjoying
themselves it's not so much about
whether they've been canceled because
you will be you will be like it's just
going to be
um you know they go after you it's
whether it's inside your house or not
so there are quite a lot of women who or
and also Men by the way who talk to me
who are living absolute nightmares
because of things that are happening to
their children in particular
or women whose husbands have
transitioned and who have you know spent
all the family money and gone through
these weird surgeries and now say their
wives are lesbians and if the wife
doesn't think of herself as a lesbian
you know she's a bigot and so people go
through these horrific horrific
nightmares and those people typically
can't speak
because there's typically people whose
privacy they must protect their own
children
and I I'm I'm never more sorry for
anyone than when I meet one of these
people I meet them all the time or I get
them in my inbox and they're living a
nightmare not just because of what's
Happening inside their house but because
the whole of society is gaslighting them
so the child's school will be saying
congratulations you've now got a
daughter you know this sort of thing
they'll get told they get referred to
Social Services if they go to their
family doctor that doesn't person
doesn't help their own friends say
they're bigots if they don't go along
with something they can see is really
harmful for their child and then there
are some of us who have come into it in
other ways for example we were just
trying to do decent journalism
and we've now got quite a lot of support
from each other and I mean I now work
for an organization called sex matters
where there's several of us and we can
you know we have we have a great time
and we feel we're getting some traction
with the UK government
and and for us this is an important
Civil Rights Movement really like I know
that our opponents think that we're
trying to reverse equality and civil
rights but no we see ourselves very much
as in the grand tradition of the
suffragettes and in the grand tradition
of the Civil Rights activists you know
we're fighting for human rights in fact
so we're having a great time but every
day I have to remember that there are
people who agree with me on everything
are silenced and are having the
absolutely most miserable time because
it's inside their house
and that's the distinction I'd make it's
not really about how bad the activists
come after you because you know I know I
didn't go back to the economist by the
way the last time we talked I was on a
Year's leave of absence and they were
very supportive and were very happy to
have me back but actually I just felt I
was doing something more important
really than editing some pages of the
world's best Weekly News Magazine but
um I just had something else to be doing
so I'm having fun and
um
yeah exactly well this is the critical
issue you're not JK Rowling right yeah
and and and there are other people who
have decided to speak I talked to Andrew
Doyle yesterday and he's a good example
of that right there are people who've
decided to
um
not to remain silent and who aren't
haven't been taken out of The Fray
entirely on the personal or the social
fronts and you're definitely one of them
so what why are you lucky or what did
you do right do you think
um so so on the on the not taken out it
was very much because the economist
didn't fold
and and all right okay so yeah it's
about yeah okay so I wasn't I wasn't
facing destitution
uh you know I what I said like my friend
Maya forstatter who founded sex matters
uh she and I
talked about these things around the
same time 2017 2018 I had started to
think about this as something to write
about not just in the economist and
actually in the end not in the economist
elsewhere and I met her she was still
working at the center for Global
development which is an American
washington-based Think Tank which has a
European arm and that's where she was
working and she wanted to write things
like when you're thinking about global
development it's important to remember
that there are two Sexes because that
and that that used to be a truism like
everybody understood that you had to
think about mothers you had to think
about child mortality you had to think
about maternal mortality it used to be
obvious that if you gave money to the
mother rather than the father like it
would get spent on the children you know
there were all these sex-based issues
violence is very very sexed as well
uh and she was just saying these very
ordinary things and she was told by the
Washington office to stay quiet but she
and I would talk a bit like not not
often but we met a few times and we were
both saying the same things
and when the when the people in the
Washington office complained about her
at cgd she ended up losing her job and
had to go to employment tribunal and
still four years later just finishing
off that process whereas when they came
to the economist the editor said we
fully stand by Helen Joyce she's an
excellent journalist and they went away
you do not have right of course stand up
to the bullet no they can only take you
out one at a time yes and they they're
like sharks they can smell the blood in
the water so if there's no blood in the
water they just go and find someone else
to go after so it wasn't even as if the
economist had to put much effort into
this it was just the most basic
business of saying no we're not banged
to bullies and it wasn't even that the
editor agreed with me she didn't like
she didn't disagree with me either she
just hadn't got any opinion on it she
just said I don't like bullies and I do
like free speech
and it was that simple just saying I
don't like bullies so it was really her
or because I'm curious about why the
economist did support you I mean for a
long time although I think the economist
has become
what would you say
um reprehensively quasi-woke from time
to time in recent years and that's
really been lost as far as I'm concerned
because it was one of the world's great
magazines and maybe the world's greatest
magazine I think you could make a case
for that in some ways and but but
despite the fact that they have tilted
in the climate hysteria Direction let's
say and and and and and so forth uh at
least on some occasions they did stand
behind you and was now why was why was
that what was it about the economist in
particular that made that possible
because especially at the time when this
blew up around you in some ways it would
have been easier
for them to hang out to dry right plus
they could have claimed moral virtue
while doing so and we know how
delightful that is especially when you
don't earn it I mean really it is
because the editor has a backbone
and you know it like it sounds so simple
but you know I don't think she agreed
with me I don't think she thought the
topic was interesting
and she just reflexively wasn't going to
let people push her around and if only
there were more people like that and
also the economist is a place I mean I
would never speak ill of them anyway I
would you know because I wouldn't speak
ill of an ex-employer but actually I had
17 very happy years working at The
Economist it's a place with uh a
wonderful
um ethos and a very strong collegiality
and somewhere where our editorial
meetings it is it is not just accepted
it is expected that you put forward on
popular opinions if you have them and so
I have stood up in and I have seen other
people do that and those editorial
meetings and stood up and argued against
so for example The Economist um really
had a strong line in favor of having a
second referendum on brexit and I really
opposed that I thought it was a terrible
terrible mistake and a terrible judgment
um although I was very anti-brexit like
as far as I was concerned it was
anti-democratic like once to um to try
to have a second referendum and I stood
up and gave it my best shot over about a
three hour editorial meeting that we
really shouldn't go for this and the
editor and the deputy editor came by my
office several times over the next two
days and said you know what about this
what about this what about this you know
they really regarded it as a valuable
contribution and then wrote the edit the
editorial saying the opposite so
right right you know that so you guys
were actually thinking thinking and
believing in the Socratic method as well
that you're challenging each other that
the person who says the opposite to what
everybody else is saying is the person
who's helping you most and not just
doing it in a reflexive sort of you know
need your contrarian way
but I mean I I think that you know
that's a problem in journalism in
general is as it's become uh a graduate
profession and it's not just like I have
a PhD in mathematics so I'm a rather
unusual graduate to have gone into
journalism but it's mostly people who
will have studied like you know great
subjects like English or history or at
the economists lots of economists
obviously but then also sort of the
studies type things like lots of people
who have done social studies or media
studies or you know journalism itself
and so they become more homogeneous
um more distant from what the population
is like like you used to come into
journalism by going into the local press
you probably were undergraduate you you
spent your years doorstepping the
families of murder victims going and
Reporting on Council meetings you know
you learn you learned through shoe
leather and if you were good you worked
your way up through the ranks and you
might arrive at a very senior position
in one of the great newspapers of the
world not having a degree and having an
awful lot of common sense and experience
and now that's just not there because
local journalism is dead so people go
straight into those institutions the pay
is much worse from the universal of
people yeah so it tends to have to be
people who have some money behind them
because the pay is so bad and you need
to live in the capital city
and uh yeah you've just got a very
homogeneous graduate like liberal in the
American sense not the 19th century
British sense
like hyper liberal actually uh like
you've got papers like the New York
Times that say that they actually have
to like really try to get anybody who's
right-wing to work for them and then
when they do that like they get Barry
Weiss or somebody you know she ends up
having to leave because it's so
unbelievably unpleasant as a workplace
right
tech companies enrich themselves by
taking your personal data they grab your
web history email metadata and video
searches to create a detailed profile on
you and then sell that off to the
highest bidder companies aren't just
selling products anymore they're selling
you you have become the product to
protect your identity and data from
these Tech Giants I recommend using
expressvpn every time you go online
think about all the websites you visit
everything you do and stay online is
tracked by these corporations using your
public IP address they can uniquely
match your activity and know your
location
expressvpn makes you anonymous online by
camouflaging your IP address and
replacing it with a different secure IP
of your choice expressvpn also encrypts
all of your data so that it's protected
from hackers and anyone else that's
trying to spy on you and what I like
most about expressvpn is how easy it is
to use just download the app on your
phone or computer tap one button and
you're protected
so if you're like me and believe your
internet data belongs to you and not to
corporations then expressvpn is the
answer protect your data with the number
one rated VPN provider today visit
expressvpn.com Jordan that's
e-x-p-r-e-s-svpn.com Jordan and get
three extra months free
yes and it's a pretty damn weird world
where we think Barry Weiss is right wing
exactly I mean it's just beyond
comprehension yeah so yeah yeah okay so
let's go into this
let's delve into this a little further
so you know we we were commiserating
with those who wish to remain silent
because of the miseries that might be
visited upon them and those are real
enough Jay battacharya who's a physician
at uh Stanford you know he was taken to
task by his erst while compatriots when
he did nothing but stand up bravely and
tell the truth and he lost 35 pounds in
three months and I've talked to plenty
of other people who are basically
hounded into asylums by the woke mob it
and those are strong people and this is
not fun but you did this now you even
transferred careers so what the hell are
you doing now like what what are you up
to exactly you're not working for the
economist anymore and what's your goal
um why do you think it's a valid goal
and then even more why are you managing
not only to make this successful instead
of absolute bloody hell but something
that you know you seem fully on board
with and actually pursuing to what would
you say to some with some degree of
success how are you managing all that
so I work part-time for sex matters
which is now an organization that has
it's it's funded almost exclusively by
people paying five to ten pounds a month
to support
uh to support us in attempting to shore
up the existence of sex binary sex in
law and life like it's that simple we're
standing up for sex-based rights right
human rights that involve recognizing
that there are two Sexes that's that's
sex matters right yes we'll find out
more about that uh
sexdashmatters.org it's that simple I
mean we publish an awful lot of material
and I would say that it's it's it's it's
very focused on Law and Regulation and
that's part of why it works is because
in the UK the laws and regulations are
actually pretty good like the practice
is appalling but we still have we have
you know we haven't wandered off into
Bill c16 and into American you know
Title IX covers gender identity instead
of sex we still have pretty decent laws
it's just that practice has wandered
away from them so the idea is to drag
practice back to where the law is you
know if we need to take legal challenges
or judicial reviews we will
um but also we can engage politically we
can you know do Mass actions and so on
so that's part of what I spend my time
doing it's not well paid because this is
going to become a charity and Charities
are not highly paid workplaces that's
fine and I write a newsletter that's
doing okay so if people want to find me
that's the hell enjoys.com
um and I also do writing tuition which
was something that I used to do anyway
uh and I make some money from that so
it's not what it used to be money wise
but it's fine well I we should stop this
part of the conversation I guess I'm
going to turn over
to the Daily wire side of the of the
conversation now um for those of you who
are watching and listening
um so you could join us over there
thanks for your time and attention
everyone and for the to the film crew
here in Toronto for facilitating this
the daily wire Plus for making it
possible in Helen well it's always a
pleasure talking to you with your
mathematical Clarity and your love of
the true and beautiful in your courage
so like good on you thank God you're one
of those 10 people that's stopping Sodom
from being uh annihilated by fire and
brimstone let's say
um so far and uh we'll go over the daily
wear plus side and continue our
conversation
well thank you very much and to the film
crew here too by the way oh yeah and
your book just so everyone knows her
book which you shouldn't read unless you
want to be reprehensible
um and then to have your phone
confiscated let's say by the Irish
authorities if you ever happen to visit
that fair green emerald uh well let's
see I may be a test holidays Jordan yeah
no kidding no kidding trans when
ideology meets reality and you can tell
Helen is a reprehensible type because
she actually believes that there's a
distinction between ideology and reality
is and is willing to express that
sentiment whenever challenged including
in writing so pick up the book trans
when ideology meets reality yeah and and
you can you can also Wander over to her
website and that's what Helen you said
Helen Joyce thought
thehelenjoice.com there's some poor
woman
right right who hasn't got that website
first
yeah yeah the hell enjoys.com right
she's good to follow on Twitter too
which is a place where you can still
follow her thank you to ELO and musk
okay good off to the Daily wire we go
thanks Helen thank you
[Music]
foreign